# Old-Code
I decided to gather up all the random projects I could find that I did in high school and put them into one repo. There are some projects that I either cannot find or don't have access to (like a connect four program and a 2048 game) but the point of this repository is just to be able to see a trace of my progress. I think it's very important to be able to look at what I produced many years ago and compare it to what I'm doing now just to see how far I've come. Almost all of the projects that are going to go into this repository were programmed in JCreator, and I'm sure that many of the projects are probably either unfinished or buggy. I may one day come back and take a crack at re-creating these games but with much better code, but for now I'll just upload everything here.

The projects will include:
* Bombardment - The very first project I ever made, way back in Programming I. I didn't even know what classes and objects were yet for some reason I still attempted to use them so this code is almost nonsense. 
* Battleship - I made a really poorly designed, one-screen version of the classic board game Battleship. I put an actual screen in to "load" the game that did nothing but sleep a thread for 5 seconds, and many of the game's functions don't work super well on a single screen. Nonetheless, it's a clear step forward from the Bombardment game.
* Rubix - I made a purely text-based Rubik's cube using code but it's really difficult to get an accurate grasp of what's going on because I'm representing a three-dimensional object as six two-dimensional views. This program actually allows the user to choose what dimension of cube they want to create and, for what it's worth, the cube can be solved (with great difficulty).
* Stats - I wrote what should've been a super Java script to read in numbers from the results of a psychology survey and should have parsed those numbers to output results and determine "personality types" for anyone who took the quiz. This code is horrendously documented and I have no idea what most of these files do. This project was a collaboration with two other classmates and therefore not only is the documentation bad but the code style also shifts at what seems to be random.
* Pong - The game pong, as programmed by myself in one and a half hours when my high school friends and I tried to see who could program it the fastest. As you might imagine, the code is not great; however, this was nearing the end of my second year of programming and it is at least visible that the code style has stabilized and the logic is at least more followable (albeit still lacking in documentation).
* Chess - I programmed a simple version of chess with my high school friend. This is arguably the cleanest project out of all of these because we actually discussed how we wanted the game to work, used similar coding style, and documented our code. This was purely for fun, and was the last thing I programmed during Programming 2.

Like I said, I may one day come back to some of these projects but for now I'm just leaving them here to remind me of how my programs used to look. If you want an exercise in decoding nonsense without documentation, I highly recommend trying to map out what my first projects do.

-Ryan Gahagan
